Don't hurt my daughter!
Aww, daddy-daughter moment.
I said, touchy.
Let's make this more memorable, shall we?
Please, just let us go. I'm begging you.
Hey.
What are you from Monaco?
You like money, right?
Let's see how you like the taste of a $10,000 bottle of vodka.
That's a lot to eat.
That's a punishment.
This'll kill her.
That's your dangerous spot.
He's there.
I've had enough of you.
You won't fart!
To know how out of control the Walker family is?
Have I taught you anything?
Sis! I...
Are you okay?
You need to go to the hospital?
No, I'm fine. I just want to leave.
Have we met?
Put this on.
It'll stop the itching in no time.
You're the bestest. I want to stay with you forever.
Don't worry. I'll always care for you.
No one will hurt you.
You must be thinking of someone else.
I'm just a janitor's daughter and you're the Walker family heir.
Of course we don't have anything to call him.
This is... this is enough for us.
This card has $10,000 on it.
Take it as a compensation for your medical expenses.
The Walker's money isn't something just anyone can take.
Do you even know where you are?
Crashing a party is one thing.
They're trying to extort money.
Mom, it's not what you think.
I came to settle with Caleb and he refused to pay and beat them instead.
Trash like you deserve to be beaten for causing trouble here.
Look at this mess.
It's a miracle I'm not demanding compensation from you.
And you're asking for money?
Dream on.
You should go bring your father to the hospital.
His injuries are getting worse and your rash is spreading.
I'll handle things here.
Hurry up and get out.
Filthy trailer trash funds coughing up blood and...
This one's breaking out into a rash.
I know some kind of diseases they're carrying.
Disinfect every inch where these two walked.
Stop! They're not going anywhere.
My ring is gone.
Ring? What ring?
Tony gave us, Mom.
The last connection I have to my sister, I cannot lose it.
I know she has it.
Mr. Walker, please just let us go.
My father is seriously injured and I need to get him to the hospital.
Caleb, maybe you dropped it somewhere.
Someone go search for Caleb's ring.
Tony, search!
That ring is on this bitch.
No, I didn't steal your ring.
Shut up!
I knew you were trouble from the start.
Who else but you could have taken the ring?
I swear I didn't.
I'm not lying.
I don't believe you. Hand it over.
Mrs. Walker, we may be poor, but we never steal.
Greta would never do anything like that.
Mom, they don't seem like thieves.
Can we just keep looking?
We'll find out soon enough.
Search her.
My daughter would never do anything like that.
Mrs. Walker, please, I did not steal that ring.
I really need to get my dad to the hospital.
He's all I have left.
Please don't hide my mom.
Punish me instead. I'll take a place.
We cannot let her go.
We have to find this ring.
It's the last connection I have with Claire.
Greta's always been shady at work.
I'm pretty sure she did the ring.
That ring is important to us.
I'm giving you one last chance.
Hand it over and I'll let you go.
Oh, I didn't steal the ring.
Ungrateful bitch.
Strip her and search every inch.
I'll do it.
What do you think?
Take my life if you have to.
It'll trap.
Dress like this to seduce men in the party?
Well, I'll give you what you want.
I promise everything.
Mrs. Walker.
Nothing.
Mrs. Walker, can we go now?
This time you got lucky.
But get out.
Now remember your place.
Stay away from the Walker family.
Don't worry. You won't see us again.
Who knows what diseases us trailer trash have.
We don't want to harm your precious health.
Mom, today's mess was really Caleb's fault.
Don't you think we went a little too far?
And that girl. Greta.
Her and her father are heartbreaking.
Especially Greta.
She kind of reminds me of her.
Caleb's ring is his connection to Clara.
It's a symbol of your unity as siblings.
It's too important to lose.
So what if we were a bit harsh?
Greta didn't steal the ring.
So must still be here in the halls.
Just keep looking.
Wait.
Is that?
Yes.
Yes it's mine.
It's the last connection I had with her.
I wouldn't have died if you didn't find it.
This is Clara's ring.
It's really her ring.
She's alive.
She came back to find me.
You were so close to me and I didn't realize.
It's my fault.
I'm so sorry.
This ring must belong to one of the guests tonight.
Check the list.
Sort out everyone whose age matches with Clara's.
I'll get on it right away.
And keep an eye on the banquet hall.
If Clara lost her ring, she might come back for it.
And we all need to be here when she does.
We'll find her.
Clara will come back to us.
Caleb.
You touched that janitor's dirty blood.
Go to the hospital and get checked out.
Who knows what kind of diseases you may have caught.
Doctor, please.
You have to save my death.
His kidneys are failing.
I can try to ease his pain and waive some of the test fees.
But you'll need to raise half a million dollars for a transplant.
Without it, he won't make it past three months.
Hey, buddy.
Did you find me that cornea?
Just a reminder.
As you lost the bet, you got to find me that cornea.
If you don't,
well, everyone in LA is going to know tomorrow that Mr. Walker is dishonest and unreliable.
Yeah.
I'm still working on it.
Good, good.
Walker, you're the man in LA.
If anyone can pull it off, it's you.
Looking forward to seeing my cornea by the end of the day.
Rest assured, I've got to cover it.
Don't you worry.
You'll have the cornea soon enough.
Can we just use my kidneys?
I mean, I'll give both to save him.
Even if we could use yours, you'd still have the cost of surgery and recovery.
Besides, we're not even sure if they're compatible.
You really need to find that half a million.
Sorry I failed you.
It's all moveful.
Give it a stay.
She's in it.
She'll be begging to donate her cornea.
Janitor lives.
Mr. Walker, my father's kidneys are failing.
And he does not have much time left.
Please, I'm begging you.
Just hold that to you guys.
Relax.
I'm just here to make you an offer.
My friend recently got in a car accident and lost his eye.
He needs a cornea.
If you were willing to donate yours, it would give you half a million dollars.
What do you say?
Are you serious?
Yes.
He's not a contract if he really wants to.
But this is the only way to save your dad.
Otherwise, you have to let him die.
I'll do it.
No.
Absolutely not.
Dad, you're awake.
Thank goodness.
Mr. Walker, please leave.
Even if I die, Greta, give up her cornea.
You old farts.
Greta should be honored to give her cornea.
If you come begging to me later, this offer will not stand.
You better choose soon.
It's okay.
It's just a cornea.
I'll still have another eye.
Listen to me.
Listen a little bit.
I just want you to be safe and healthy.
Yeah.
If you go rest, hurting yourself and giving up your cornea, I swear to God.
Jump off the roof of this hospital.
It's okay.
I promise.
Just don't get upset.
Greta's janitor father's kidneys failed.
I mean, transplant alone will cost half a million.
You know what?
At this point, I say just let him die.
Can't raise the money, huh?
Go down and lick my heels.
And I'll give you a hundred bucks.
Greta, have you thought about what I said yesterday?
Look, I promise my dad I'm not donating my cornea to your friend.
Fine.
But if you're going to be stubborn, you're demoted.
Replacing your dad's janitor and your salad's cut to 1500.
You're just bullying me.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you punishing me?
My family runs this company.
I make the rules here.
If you think I'm being too hard on you, you can quit.
But if you quit, you have no one come at all.
And your dad will have to wait around and die.
Fine.
I'll do it.
I'll be the janitor.
Good.
Back here.
You missed the spot.
We're going too far.
So what if I do, huh?
Your father's a janitor.
And now you are too.
Either trash and you clean up after me.
What?
You don't like it?
Then quit.
But remember, if you quit, your father won't have enough money for his medical bills.
That's more like it.
A janitor should know her place.
Since why are you taking so long?
Just use them more.
This way there won't be any coffee stains.
I want the food to be spotless, or as Dad would get mad at you again.
Mr. Walker, Greta's just a filthy janitor.
Get away from her.
It's just a coincidence.
There's no way that filthy trash could remind me of my sister.
Who gave you permission to enter my office?
Mr. Walker, I was just here to clean your office.
Do you think someone like you deserves to clean my office?
You people are nothing but filth.
You injured my son.
You ruined the company banquet.
And your father's filthy blood got all over him.
You're lucky that he didn't get infected.
Because I would have made you people pay.
Now get out.
Leave Walker Group.
You're not welcome here.
Wait, Mrs. Walker, I really need this job.
My father's kidneys are failing, and I'm the only one earning money.
I really need this job.
Your father's kidney failure is not my problem.
Please, Mrs. Walker, I'll do anything.
Don't touch me. Get out now.
You have no idea how filthy you are, do you?
Mom, I'm going to assign Greta to do the cleaning.
And you chose this one to clean my office.
Look at her wrinkled clothes and her torn shoes.
She's trash. How can she do a proper job?
If we did that, we'd have to hire another janitor.
Besides, Greta's already here, and she's doing her job.
It just saves the company money.
Until I get Greta's corn, yeah, I can't let Mom fire her.
Her Jackson will be a big mouth.
Fine. Do whatever you want.
But when you clean my office, wear shoe covers.
And don't even think about stealing anything.
If I catch you, you'll regret it.
Now get out.
Any news about your sister?
I've got all my resources checking the guest list.
I've also installed cameras in every corner of the banquet hall.
If Claire comes back, we'll know immediately.
It's all my fault.
Where are you?
I didn't realize how close you were.
Next time, if you come back, I'll never let you go again.
Can we talk?
My mother was awful to you the other day.
I'm here to apologize on her behalf.
This card has $10,000 on it.
I've considered a compensation of the Walker family.
I can't accept that.
I know about your father's medical condition.
But consider it alone.
I can pay me back whenever you can.
How does that sound?
Okay.
Thank you.
Now let's see.
Why are you eating just the crust?
I like the crust.
It's chewy.
I'll take the soft part for my dad.
So you have a soft part?
Why aren't you eating it?
I like the crust.
It's chewy.
All right.
Miss Walker, I think it's getting kind of late.
I should probably get back to take care of my dad.
Of course.
Do you need a red?
No, that's okay.
You've already done more than enough for me.
And I promise I will pay you back.
Okay.
Can I take this?
If my sister hadn't been abandoned.
She'd be about this age now.
Could it be?
No.
I'm done with this.
You're going home.
I don't want to be a burden on you anymore.
Time to be okay.
Walker's feeling really bad about what happened at the banquet.
This is Walker even promoted me.
After hearing about our situation.
Really?
You're not lying to me?
No, of course not.
It's the truth.
Look, she even gave me a $10,000 advancement.
Good.
Maybe this is Walker.
It's just strict on the outside, but she's a good person at heart.
Yeah.
She's not so bad.
Really, it's time to take the fruit platter to miss Walker's office.
I'm busy, I'm busy, I'm busy.
Greta, take the fruit platter to Mrs. Walker's office.
Do you remember where she likes apples?
Oh.
Okay.
Mrs. Walker, here's your fruit platter.
Who told you to come in here?
I lose my appetite just knowing you've touched it.
Let's be tight for more.
I cut these apples for you.
Like this.
Who taught you to do this?
Mom, what's going on?
Mom, did this little tramp mess up again?
I'll take care of her for you.
No, no, it's fine.
You can go now.
Haven't you noticed how much Greta resembles Clara?
She's just saying that because it was Clara so much.
She's just that dirty, janitor's daughter.
There's no way she could be Clara.
Yeah, but what if she's not really David's daughter?
What are you talking about?
They're exactly alike.
If she really was Clara, don't you think I'd recognize her?
Or Mom would recognize her for that matter?
From now on, Greta will bring me my fruit platter every day.
And give her a $3,000 race.
Mom, that's a bit short.
Charlotte, I need your help looking into Greta's background.
Don't miss a single clue.
Your father's condition has worsened.
We'll need to settle that surgery bill within three days.
Dr. Orr, can't we just use my...
We've already tested your kidneys.
They're not compatible with your father's.
As far as the payment goes, half a million dollars was the lowest I could negotiate.
Listen, I understand it's almost impossible for a regular family to rake in that much money.
Maybe it's better to let it go.
I'm making it half a million dollars.
Everything I have is worthless.
Except the ring, I still have the ring on me.
It must be worth something.
I can use it to pay for my father's treatment.
I must have dropped it at the banquet.
After her find it.
Where are you?
Mrs. Walker.
Someone's at the banquet hall right now.
Really?
Someone's actually at the banquet hall?
Who is it?
I've already connected the surveillance feed.
Take a look.
It's her?
Mrs. Walker, please, I did not steal that ring.
I really need to get my dad to the hospital. He's all I have left.
It's her.
I should have realized sooner.
Quick.
Get the car.
We're going to the banquet hall.
I need to meet my daughter.
Did you lose something?
Uh, yeah, Mrs. Walker, I just lost something.
I'm so sorry to disturb you.
What exactly did you lose?
Lost my...
Greta!
I said you took my hairpin.
I was wondering where I went.
I finally caught you.
Now, what do you have to say for yourself?
I just found it in the banquet hall. I didn't steal it.
This diamond hairpin is very valuable.
You must have lost it during the company's banquet.
And you must have picked it up and decided to keep it.
If it hadn't come back for it, you would have stolen it.
You're so into me arm.
So it was just false hope.
She was here to steal.
Get after my sight.
You're not allowed to enter the company without permission anymore.
Or I'll have your legs broken.
No, no, I was really looking for something. I'm not lying.
No, I really was looking for something.
I'm not...
Stay where you are.
Don't come near me, trash.
All right, but Mrs. Walker, please just hear me out.
I don't want to hear it.
Security!
It's low life out of here.
Dr. Aurora, how's my dad doing?
His condition is critical. We need to operate immediately.
Greta, you have two options.
Find the money for the surgery in the next two days.
Or let them go in peace.
What's your decision?
I can't do that, Dr. Aurora, please.
Save him. I'll do anything.
I've done everything I can.
Maybe ask your friends or family if they can lend you the money?
Who would be willing to give me that much money?
I'm just here to make you an offer.
My friend recently got in a car accident and lost his eye.
He needs a cornea.
If you were willing to donate yours, it would give you half a million dollars.
What do you say?
Who's calling me at this hour?
Mr. Walker? It's me.